README.md, before:

# git-fresh :lemon:

Keep your repo fresh with one command.

## Usage

```
Usage: git fresh [-fmrtRW] [-sl] [remote] [root]
By default, git-fresh will:
 - update local root (master) to match remote root
 - stash changes
 - prune remote branches

git-fresh will ignore any branches listed in a .freshignore file.
.freshignore should contain branch names you would like to ignore
on separate lines. The file can exist in the current Git repo
or in the home directory, i.e. ~/.freshignore.

-f: Delete stale local and remote branches
-m: Merge remote root into current branch
-r: Rebase current branch against remote root
-t: Remove local tags that do not exist on remote
-R: Reset local root to remote root
-W: Wipe workspace clean

-s: Apply stashed changes after run
-l: Only delete local stale branches

-v: Print git-fresh version and exit

remote: remote name, origin by default
root: root branch, master by default
```

## Installation

### Manual

1. Clone or download
2. `cd git-fresh`
3. `sudo ./install`

### Package

* [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/): `brew install git-fresh`
* [bpkg](http://www.bpkg.io/): `bpkg install imsky/git-fresh`

## License

git-fresh is provided under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Credits

git-fresh is a project by [Ivan Malopinsky](http://imsky.co).

Commit message:

Add installation hints for Windows

README.md, after:

# git-fresh :lemon:

Keep your repo fresh with one command.

## Usage

```
Usage: git fresh [-fmrtRW] [-sl] [remote] [root]
By default, git-fresh will:
 - update local root (master) to match remote root
 - stash changes
 - prune remote branches

git-fresh will ignore any branches listed in a .freshignore file.
.freshignore should contain branch names you would like to ignore
on separate lines. The file can exist in the current Git repo
or in the home directory, i.e. ~/.freshignore.

-f: Delete stale local and remote branches
-m: Merge remote root into current branch
-r: Rebase current branch against remote root
-t: Remove local tags that do not exist on remote
-R: Reset local root to remote root
-W: Wipe workspace clean

-s: Apply stashed changes after run
-l: Only delete local stale branches

-v: Print git-fresh version and exit

remote: remote name, origin by default
root: root branch, master by default
```

## Installation

### Manual on Linux or MacOSX

1. Clone or download
2. `cd git-fresh`
3. `sudo ./install`

### Manual on Windows

Copy the file [git-fresh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/imsky/git-fresh/master/git-fresh) to `usr\bin` in your git installation directory.
This usually is `C:\Program Files\Git\usr\bin`.

### Package

* [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/): `brew install git-fresh`
* [bpkg](http://www.bpkg.io/): `bpkg install imsky/git-fresh`

## License

git-fresh is provided under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Credits

git-fresh is a project by [Ivan Malopinsky](http://imsky.co).
